Module 4: For this module we can choose 2 exercises that relate to our final project.

Exercise 6:

August 2:

The link provided in the exercise notes that I am to paste into Voyant is not working. 
I got an error message saying "failed attempt to create a corpus".

I will check on Slack space to see if others had the same problem and if there's a solution.

August 3:

I checked on Slack space and prof. Graham provided a new link. 
I copied all the text that was in the link and pasted it into Voyant. 
This is not my preferred method because the paragraph is very very large but it does seem like Voyant is capable of processing
it anyways. I have used voyant before for analyzing song lyrics, but that was not very much text.

I am having a hard time figuring out what Rezoviz is in Voyant. 
Is this a seperate page in voyant? or should I be able to access it from the page which my results appear on? 
I don't see the gear (cogwheel) symbol. I annotated the instructions and also asked in the slack space where to find it.
Prof Graham said they changed the icons and the gear symbol no longer appears.
It took me a while, but I did find the Rezoviz section.

August 4: 
I am currently doing excercise 10. I downloaded the file and am about to download the 4 .pkg files. 
Ive downloaded them all and also, following the Making a Map with QGIS instructions, I downloaded the census.gov files 
for US counties and will begin making a map. 

Moving on the the second tutorial featured in the instructions: 
I downloaded the map file, but it is an image file and i am unable to open it in QGIS. the instructions are not very clear
as to what to do with that image. I will move on further down the page and see if there's a different file that i'm supposed 
to use instead in QGIS. 
The same thing happened with the Natural earth file, but then I realized that I was only supposed to select the SR_05M.tif file
so now it is working. 

Finished the tutorial and found it really interesting! I ran into no other issues while completing the exercise. 


Module 5: 

August 8: 

re-read the instructions of the final project and failiarized myself again with the archived newspapers. I found it difficult
to become inspired with the information I found in the archives. It took me time to find data that was meaningful for me or
that interested me. However, I became interested in the Jamboree and sothat is what I will be exploring. I did not face any 
real issues or challenges, excet for my breif lack of inspiration. 
